Elevator problem:
An office building has five floors (ground plus four). There is only one elevator to service the upward 
journey in this building.  The capacity of the elevator is maximum six persons. The office-goers arrive 
at the ground floor at random times with inter-arrival time distribution of F to use to the elevator.  
Assume that elevator takes random amount of time to travel to the next floor (because of general process 
randomness which may include number of people in the elevator, total weight carried by the elevator etc.) 
and the distribution is G. Suppose that for the entire population of office-goers using this elevator, 10% 
are going to the first floor, 17% are going to the second floor, 49% are going to the third floor and the 
rest are going to fourth floor.  Assume that empty elevator takes 0.1K minutes of time to reach from floor 
K to the ground. The building administration is considering two options: 

1.	Let the elevator be controlled by the people using the elevator. As and when a person arrives at the 
	ground floor, the person presses the button for the elevator; if the elevator is already on the ground floor, 
	the upward journey of the person begins immediately; otherwise the person waits till the elevator arrives on 
	the ground floor. During this waiting time, if another person arrives, the second person doesn’t have to wait 
	for long and they both enter the elevator at the same time and press for the floor they wish to go to. 

2.	Let the elevator be controlled by a person (call his person “liftman”) appointed by the administration. This 
	person is supposed to optimize the operation, by batching people. In this case, the liftman allows a batch of six
	people to be formed before the elevator moves from the ground floor. So the elevator always carries full capacity. 
	The premise is that instead of a single person traveling, the elevator can carry six people; thereby some energy 
	savings can be realized. More importantly though, this systems hopes to reduce the average waiting time for a given 
	office-goer using the elevator. 
 
Assume F to an exponential distribution with a mean time of 1 minute. Assume G to be a normal distribution with mean 
of 0.18 minutes with a standard deviation of 0.04 minutes. 
Simulate the two systems to estimate the average waiting time for an office-goer using the elevator. Also estimate 
the average total time spent in the system for the same office-goer (this may include waiting time, and the time in 
the elevator).  Estimate the utilization on the elevator.
